feat(schedule): use `croner` library to check schedule (#32573)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note
    For Cron schedules, you _must_ use the `*` wildcard for the minutes value, as Renovate doesn't support minute granularity.

>     And the cron schedule must have atleast 5 comma separated parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    And the cron schedule must have five or six comma separated parts.
```

>     And the cron schedule must have five or six comma separated parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    And the cron schedule must have five comma separated parts.
```
let's enforce 5 part via docs only
